Ye Feisan, who are you?
Why are you calling?
Can bankrupt the three major families
You don't care who I am
Okay.
I'll help you with the contract.
The Shen family will no longer be at risk of bankruptcy
Don't trust Zhang Shoujun's plan anymore
I look like this now
You must be very happy
I don't need you to suffer here, mouse, fake mercy
Don't get me wrong.
I just wanted to repay your dad for saving my life
Just came to report to you
From Now On
I have nothing to do with your Shen family
Pledge that you will always pay attention to the sharing of the three families
Within three days
That 3 billion contract
If not signed by the Shen family
No mercy
I know, I'll keep an eye on it.
Also keep an eye on Zhang Shaojun's movements
He had lost his mind.
Even betrayed Shen Qianyao
This kind of thing can be done
There's nothing you can't do.
I will send someone to check Zhang Shaojun's whereabouts now